We created this react native app here and we opened the app.js file.
Now if you analyze this file, what you will see is that this app component here is just a normal react
component,
here I am importing react from react and you might also know a different syntax where we pull out the
component element in this extra named import here,
well you can do the same here and then simply extend component instead of react.component.
So this really is the same syntax you might know from a web project built with react, the special part
of course comes here, the react native imports. This part up here is just normal react,
you can confirm this by looking into the package.json, the dependency is react, a beta version
of react 16 here for me
but at the point of time you're viewing this, it's probably a higher one
and even this one is absolutely fine.
So it's the normal react package,
so the react native part is the special thing.
That's a cool thing about react native, in its core,
we use react but then we need a lot of parts from the react native package namely all the components
and functionality it exposes.
You can think of react itself as a wrapper which knows how to create components,
that's the main thing react
knows
and it doesn't care whether these components run on the web or on a real device.
Obviously, the device, the target does care though,
if you were building an application for the web, you have to use elements known by the web, like a div,
a h1 tag, a span and so on.
If you're building for a native device like an android or an iOS smartphone, you have to use elements these devices
know and since they use different operating systems, there is no standardized set of components.
That's the reason why we use this react native package and the components
we import from it,
remember that slide from the first course module, react native does one major job for us,
it provides us components to be seen here on the very right which in the end are translated to their
counterparts automatically during the build process, so that when our application runs on an Android device,
we use an android
view
or on iOS, we would use the UI view component which are simply two different elements for different
operating systems.
So that is why in a react native project, we can't use divs, inputs, h1 tags and so on,
these native devices wouldn't know what they are because our app doesn't run in the browser,
it's not like an ionicon app which is a web app hosted by a native app,
it's a real native app compiled to native code,
hence we have to use code this device understands.
And I'm really stressing this because it's so important to understand, you can't use your web elements
in a react native app, use these components provided by react native instead.
Now at this point, you might already wonder which components can you use and for that,
I visited the official react native documentation,
you can find it on facebook.github.io/react-native/docs.
Now you can read through these docs but you don't need to,
I will teach you react native but if you scroll down, you will see these components section here and there
you see all the components react native currently has and it's very possible that when you're viewing
this at some later point of time, there are some new components,
I already told you that react native is under active development.
So here you see all the components react native ships with and you could think these are many or
maybe you don't think it, I don't think these are many but actually you got all the core components you
need to build native apps
and as you will learn throughout the course,
you also often import third party packages if you need to add some new component which in the end might
be composed from these base components but which gives you a new functionality or which is a completely
new component on its own because these base components you can use here are essentially components
for which the react native team made the effort of providing their native code counterparts under the
hood, so that when these components here are used by us once we build our app are compiled to their native
code equivalents.
That's really important to understand,
that's the reason why we must only use components imported from react native or some react native third
party library
if we want to use them here in our jsx code, we can't use divs and so on here, really important to understand
this.
Now with all this talking, let's start working on this
and before we start building our own components and so on,
I already want to run this on a real simulator and a real device.
I will show you how to achieve this
and for this I will actually eject this application so I will leave the create react native app world.
The reason for this simply is that as long as we stay in this set up, we can run it on a real device
but it will always be managed and wrapped by this expose service and I don't want it,
I want to have a real native app without any strings.